---
title: 'Account Setup'
description: 'Learn how to setup and begin using BC Registries Services and APIs'
---

# Account Setup

Start using Service BC Connect application programming interfaces (APIs) in these steps:

1. View the [APIS services](/products/get-started/apis-summary) and read the specifications to find the ones that meet your needs.
2. [Set up an account](https://www2.gov.bc.ca/gov/content/employment-business/business/managing-a-business/permits-licences/news-updates/modernization-updates/modernization-resources#setupacct). You will need a BC Registries Premium account with 
3. Create a production BC Registries' premium account, with Pre-Authorized Debit (PAD) as the payment option, to gain access.
4. Download the <a href="shared/api-terms-of-use.pdf" download="API-Terms-of-Use.pdf" target="_blank">API Terms Of Use.pdf</a> and submit an access request email to **bcregistries@gov.bc.ca**. Include these two in the email:
   
    i. Email: **bcregistries@gov.bc.ca**
    ii.Subject: Request for Service BC Connect API Sandbox 
    iii. Attach the signed API Terms of Use agreement PDF document.
    iv. In the body of the email include:
      - Your BC Registries account number
      - Name of BC Registries Account Administrator
6. Upon completion of the access request, you will be issued with a sandbox environment API key with the appropriate access. Note that no fees will be charged for sandbox keys or test transactions.
7. Test your provided sandbox environment API key (mandatory).
8. If you're done testing, request a production environment API key to **bcregistries@gov.bc.ca**.
9. You will be issued with a production environment API key in your Account Dashboard in the <a href="https://www.bcregistry.gov.bc.ca/" target="_blank">BC Registry application</a> which can be accessed by your Account Administrator(s).
10. Use the API key for your queries and submission of data. Be sure to watch for notifications in the <a href="https://discourse.onebc.ca/c/announcements/11" target="_blank">Discourse forum</a> for any announcements on API outages or new features being released.

Questions? Review our [detailed API documentation](/products/get-started/about#frequently-asked-questions).
